Don't kill
Little brat, you dare to die
You stinky jujube seller
Dare to touch the people of my blood wolf gang
Are you impatient?
Brother Wang, you are finally here
Come back later
He killed me if I wanted to
The waste father asked you to collect protection fees
You let him go?
Why don't you hurry up and go to the hospital for me?
You are so fucking dead
Believe it or not, I will kill this woman first and knock it off for me
he
Does the boy dare to move in Haicheng?
You are the first person in the Blood Sun Gang
Tell me, how do you want to die?
It's just invisibility, bro
Whoops, I'm leaving
I matched you.
The little brat still dares to fight with me
Try moving the fuck again